Add Compass / Accelerometer Initialisation Info (#2)
microbit-sam/microbit-docs: docs/ubit/accelerometer.md

into the air, free fall would begin as soon as the ball begins its decent after the
acceleration from your throw has subsided.

> There are [two variants of the micro:bit](https://support.microbit.org/support/solutions/articles/19000087020-micro-bit-motion-sensor-hardware-change)

Reviewer: I think we should link to tech.microbit.org here 
```suggestion
There are [two variants of the micro:bit](https://tech.microbit.org/hardware/)
```

calls. Additionally, if you would like to drive accelerometer updates manually `updateSample()`
can be used.

### Device initialisation

> When the accelerometer object is created it attempts to detect which accelerometer is on board. 

Reviewer: I think we should show an example of initialisation as that's now a bit different to other things...

It's more up to the user to make this autodectection happening by the way they initialise the accelerometer:
https://github.com/lancaster-university/microbit/blob/master/source/MicroBit.cpp#L71
